I told a part of the Senate, Brown testimony.
Contestant as well.
What's next, we'll do it until, uh, sure,
until the county of the state.
Maybe we can, uh, take this out and go.
Take time out.
I'll be checking for the...
What, what, I got a case.
How much is that?
30.
It asks me part of Shine's training.
And as far as we were concerned,
he wasn't going to get off on a tenth of January,
and I quote.
That quote.
Continuing.
Presidents of that, Mr. Cone didn't agree with me, by the way.
Presidents of that, he said,
that some people at Fort Sixth had been cooperative.
But that Colonel Ringer,
and Lieutenant Miller, had made things
especially difficult for five of Shine,
and that he and Mr. Cone had a very long memory
and was never going to forget the name.
Now, Mr. Cone is quite obvious
that Lieutenant Flouc, version of this matter,
says that the reason for the dislike of Colonel Ringer,
the regimental command by memory serves me correct,
but not that what you have stated,
namely that Colonel Ringer bought this as a witch hunt,
but on the contrary,
that it was the fact that he was a regimental commander
and was doing things as he stated here,
that five of Shine did not like.
Now, what is Lieutenant Flouc's statement correct?
Or is it false?
Lieutenant Miller, chairman of the name,
and I mean, uh, seven,
training for training for many objections here
at any point, so over,
I do believe that one of the basic principles of law
is that one with which should not be called upon to evaluate
another with this in the testimony,
so Mr. Cone can be asked about the fact that I,
I don't think it's up to him to determine whether or not
that he is really with us,
but uh, uh, Treasury,
he can't tell us yet what does the word mean.
Well, I'm not there.
That Sunday, Miss Parkey is not for Mr. Cone or ourselves
to determine whether Treasury has been committed.
This is not a grand jury sitting here,
it's for obviously for the jury,
it's sometimes determined who may or may not
have been in the proceedings of the military,
but would you, no, suspect?
I think the point I read is that I think
in every court, both the State and the Federal,
that if there's an offer to, uh,
and if I may have a few suggestions,
a test on this, too, I think it's a thing
to offer to ask one with us,
to actually evaluate another with this in the testimony,
I think Mr. Cone can be asked about all of the facts,
thoughts, and then,
about all of these things,
but I don't want to break you on,
but I understand we now have a little call, both,
and take stress about this, uh,
to take your questions.
The jury has been gestated,
as long as it's close to the side of the talk,
and I just as well have reached that,
until it's kind of gotten in the morning,
and then get into the role,
and Mr. Cone, Mr. Chairman,
and I can rest you for everybody that way,
until we're right in the reach there,
at the time of the talk.
Mr. Cone, you're meeting, uh,
now, my meeting of the, uh,
I don't think any of the room's pretty far ahead,
but I'll leave you to the role,
for all of the people.
I think all of the committee members know about that,
but I think it's a lot of work.
I think it's a lot of work.